# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml --output-file requirements.txt --python-version 3.11
adc-streaming==2.5.0
    # via hop-client
asdf==4.4.0
    # via
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   asdf-coordinates-schemas
    #   gwcs
    #   specutils
asdf-astropy==0.8.0
    # via
    #   gwcs
    #   specutils
asdf-coordinates-schemas==0.4.0
    # via
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   asdf-wcs-schemas
asdf-standard==1.3.0
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   asdf-coordinates-schemas
    #   asdf-transform-schemas
    #   asdf-wcs-schemas
asdf-transform-schemas==0.6.0
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   asdf-wcs-schemas
asdf-wcs-schemas==0.5.0
    # via gwcs
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   channels
    #   django
    #   django-htmx
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via scramp
astroplan==0.10.1
    # via
    #   ligo-skymap
    #   tomtoolkit
astropy==6.1.7
    # via
    #   snex2 (pyproject.toml)
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   astroplan
    #   astropy-healpix
    #   astroquery
    #   cdshealpix
    #   fits2image
    #   gwcs
    #   healpix-alchemy
    #   healpy
    #   lalsuite
    #   ligo-skymap
    #   mocpy
    #   ndcube
    #   pyvo
    #   reproject
    #   specutils
    #   tom-nonlocalizedevents
    #   tomtoolkit
    #   voevent-parse
astropy-healpix==1.1.2
    # via
    #   healpix-alchemy
    #   ligo-skymap
    #   reproject
    #   tom-nonlocalizedevents
astropy-iers-data==0.2025.8.18.0.40.14
    # via astropy
astroquery==0.4.10
    # via
    #   snex2 (pyproject.toml)
    #   tomtoolkit
attrs==25.3.0
    # via asdf
authlib==1.6.1
    # via adc-streaming
backports-tarfile==1.2.0
    # via jaraco-context
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   astroquery
    #   django-bootstrap4
    #   tomtoolkit
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
bson==0.5.10
    # via hop-client
cdshealpix==0.7.1
    # via mocpy
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   adc-streaming
    #   gcn-kafka
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
channels==4.3.1
    # via django-plotly-dash
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   flask
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via dask
confluent-kafka==2.11.1
    # via
    #   adc-streaming
    #   gcn-kafka
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
crc32c==2.7.1
    # via numcodecs
crispy-bootstrap4==2024.10
    # via tomtoolkit
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   igwn-auth-utils
    #   ligo-gracedb
    #   requests-gracedb
    #   scitokens
    #   tomtoolkit
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dash==3.2.0
    # via
    #   snex2 (pyproject.toml)
    #   dash-bootstrap-components
    #   django-plotly-dash
dash-bootstrap-components==2.0.4
    # via django-plotly-dash
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via snex2 (pyproject.toml)
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via snex2 (pyproject.toml)
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via snex2 (pyproject.toml)
dask==2025.7.0
    # via reproject
django==4.2.23
    # via
    #   channels
    #   crispy-bootstrap4
    #   django-bootstrap4
    #   django-contrib-comments
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-htmx
    #   django-plotly-dash
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-tasks
    #   djangorestframework
    #   tomtoolkit
django-bootstrap4==24.4
    # via tomtoolkit
django-contrib-comments==2.2.0
    # via tomtoolkit
django-crispy-forms==2.4
    # via
    #   crispy-bootstrap4
    #   tomtoolkit
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via tomtoolkit
django-filter==24.3
    # via
    #   tom-nonlocalizedevents
    #   tomtoolkit
django-gravatar2==1.4.5
    # via tomtoolkit
django-guardian==2.4.0
    # via tomtoolkit
django-htmx==1.23.2
    # via tomtoolkit
django-plotly-dash==2.5.0
    # via snex2 (pyproject.toml)
django-stubs-ext==5.2.2
    # via django-tasks
django-tasks==0.6.1
    # via tomtoolkit
django-webpack-loader==1.6.0
    # via tom-nonlocalizedevents
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via tomtoolkit
donfig==0.8.1.post1
    # via zarr
dpd-components==0.2.0
    # via django-plotly-dash
fastavro==1.12.0
    # via hop-client
fits2image==0.4.10
    # via tomtoolkit
flask==3.1.2
    # via
    #   dash
    #   django-plotly-dash
fonttools==4.59.1
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   reproject
gcn-kafka==0.3.4
    # via tom-alertstreams
gevent==25.5.1
    # via snex2 (pyproject.toml)
gracedb-sdk==0.1.7
    # via tom-nonlocalizedevents
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via gevent
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via snex2 (pyproject.toml)
gwcs==0.25.2
    # via
    #   ndcube
    #   specutils
h5py==3.14.0
    # via ligo-skymap
healpix-alchemy==1.1.0
    # via tom-nonlocalizedevents
healpy==1.18.1
    # via ligo-skymap
hop-client==0.11.1
    # via
    #   tom-alertstreams
    #   tom-nonlocalizedevents
    #   tom-scimma
html5lib==1.1
    # via astroquery
idna==3.10
    # via requests
igwn-auth-utils==1.4.0
    # via
    #   ligo-gracedb
    #   requests-gracedb
igwn-ligolw==2.1.0
    # via lalsuite
igwn-segments==2.1.0
    # via
    #   igwn-ligolw
    #   lalsuite
    #   lscsoft-glue
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   dash
    #   dask
    #   keyring
importlib-resources==6.4.5
    # via tomtoolkit
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via voevent-parse
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.3.0
    # via keyring
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via flask
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via asdf
keyring==25.6.0
    # via astroquery
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
lalsuite==7.26.1
    # via ligo-skymap
lcogt-logging==0.3.2
    # via snex2 (pyproject.toml)
ligo-gracedb==2.14.2
    # via ligo-skymap
ligo-segments==1.4.0
    # via
    #   ligo-skymap
    #   python-ligo-lw
ligo-skymap==1.1.2
    # via tom-nonlocalizedevents
locket==1.0.0
    # via partd
lscsoft-glue==4.1.1
    # via
    #   lalsuite
    #   python-ligo-lw
lxml==6.0.1
    # via voevent-parse
markdown==3.8.2
    # via tomtoolkit
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.5
    # via
    #   lalsuite
    #   ligo-skymap
    #   mocpy
mocpy==0.18.0
    # via
    #   healpix-alchemy
    #   tom-nonlocalizedevents
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
ndcube==2.3.2
    # via specutils
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via dash
networkx==3.5
    # via
    #   ligo-skymap
    #   mocpy
numcodecs==0.16.2
    # via zarr
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   snex2 (pyproject.toml)
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   astroplan
    #   astropy
    #   astropy-healpix
    #   astroquery
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   fits2image
    #   gwcs
    #   h5py
    #   healpy
    #   igwn-ligolw
    #   lalsuite
    #   ligo-skymap
    #   matplotlib
    #   mocpy
    #   ndcube
    #   numcodecs
    #   ptemcee
    #   pyerfa
    #   python-ligo-lw
    #   reproject
    #   scipy
    #   sep
    #   specutils
    #   tomtoolkit
    #   zarr
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via voevent-parse
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   astropy
    #   dask
    #   gunicorn
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   zarr
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   fits2image
    #   ligo-skymap
    #   matplotlib
    #   reproject
    #   tomtoolkit
plotly==5.24.1
    # via
    #   dash
    #   django-plotly-dash
    #   tomtoolkit
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via hop-client
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via
    #   tom-alertstreams
    #   tom-nonlocalizedevents
ptemcee==1.0.0
    # via ligo-skymap
pyavm==0.9.6
    # via reproject
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyerfa==2.0.1.5
    # via astropy
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   requests-gracedb
    #   scitokens
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   bson
    #   igwn-ligolw
    #   lalsuite
    #   matplotlib
    #   python-ligo-lw
    #   tom-nonlocalizedevents
    #   tomtoolkit
python-ligo-lw==1.8.4
    # via ligo-skymap
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   astroplan
    #   ligo-skymap
    #   voevent-parse
pyvo==1.7
    # via astroquery
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   astropy
    #   dask
    #   donfig
    #   igwn-ligolw
    #   python-ligo-lw
reproject==0.15.0
    # via ligo-skymap
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   snex2 (pyproject.toml)
    #   adc-streaming
    #   astroquery
    #   dash
    #   igwn-auth-utils
    #   ligo-gracedb
    #   pyvo
    #   requests-gracedb
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   scitokens
    #   tomtoolkit
requests-gracedb==0.2.2
    # via gracedb-sdk
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via snex2 (pyproject.toml)
retrying==1.4.2
    # via dash
safe-netrc==1.0.1
    # via
    #   igwn-auth-utils
    #   requests-gracedb
scipy==1.16.1
    # via
    #   gwcs
    #   lalsuite
    #   ligo-skymap
    #   ndcube
    #   reproject
    #   specutils
scitokens==1.8.1
    # via igwn-auth-utils
scramp==1.4.6
    # via hop-client
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via asdf
sep==1.4.1
    # via snex2 (pyproject.toml)
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   zope-event
    #   zope-interface
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astroplan
    #   bson
    #   html5lib
    #   ligo-segments
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-ligo-lw
    #   voevent-parse
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
specutils==1.20.3
    # via tomtoolkit
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   healpix-alchemy
    #   tom-nonlocalizedevents
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via plotly
tom-alertstreams==1.0.2
    # via snex2 (pyproject.toml)
tom-nonlocalizedevents==0.8.1
    # via snex2 (pyproject.toml)
tom-registration==1.0.2
    # via snex2 (pyproject.toml)
tom-scimma==1.1.6
    # via snex2 (pyproject.toml)
tom-tns==0.3.1
    # via snex2 (pyproject.toml)
toml==0.10.2
    # via hop-client
tomtoolkit==2.26.0
    # via
    #   snex2 (pyproject.toml)
    #   tom-alertstreams
    #   tom-nonlocalizedevents
    #   tom-registration
    #   tom-scimma
    #   tom-tns
toolz==1.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   partd
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   adc-streaming
    #   igwn-ligolw
    #   ligo-skymap
    #   python-ligo-lw
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   dash
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-tasks
    #   numcodecs
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   zarr
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
voevent-parse==1.0.3
    # via tom-nonlocalizedevents
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   dash
    #   django-plotly-dash
    #   flask
whitenoise==6.9.0
    # via snex2 (pyproject.toml)
xmltodict==0.14.2
    # via hop-client
zarr==3.1.1
    # via reproject
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zope-event==5.1.1
    # via gevent
zope-interface==7.2
    # via gevent
